I'll say this now Edge of Tomorrow is one of the most underrated movies of this year. Go rent this movie, it fucking rules!
I saw Edge of Tomorrow last night, really enjoyed the film. But one thing really annoyed me was
Edge of Tomorrow, such a good movie! #praise 👏👏
Now Watching: Edge of Tomorrow
Just watched Edge of Tomorrow - it is like a combination of Saving Private Ryan, Independence Day, Source Code, and Groundhog Day. Not bad.
Edge Of tomorrow was an amazing movie!!!
Edge of Tomorrow is funny as fuck. :"))))) Hahahahah
just watched the edge of tomorrow... mind blown
edge of tomorrow was actually a really good Tom cruise movie
i watched "edge of tomorrow" today at my friend's house it was actually so cool
Edge of Tomorrow is basically an extremely violent Groundhog Day
Watching Edge of Tomorrow makes me realize every day we wake up is just another chance at a do-over of the previous day
Enjoyed the hell out of "Edge Of Tomorrow", can't remember the last time i got this excited about a sci fi movie
All You Need is Kill. Edge of Tomorrow. Live Die Repeat. Three names, one movie, and all of it sounds pretty bad to me.
Now onto 'All You Need Is Kill', what the film Edge of Tomorrow was based off.
Just got done watching Edge of Tomorrow. My life seems so mundane now.
When some kids asks you if you have any games on your phone. You are glad you have a BlackBerry Z10. No it's for work kid, sorry ;)
how can remove audio boost in blackberry z10 http://t.co/SVTV6tOJHd
Ok I think my Z10 is officially dying
I detest that glo ni.. Argh RT @tobi_jat: U can use Glo 1k for 3G RT @Zealot_1: Seems na Droid sub Z10 dey use
@BlackBerryCEO Mr Chen the z10 is a real business phone investment bankers are busy powerful and smooth
It makes me sad that my z10 is annoyingly overheating a lot
Just moved from Z10 to Z30....Blackberry passport is just impractical and BlackBerry softwares r pathetic... http://t.co/oPRHIIo0fJ@jefrilicious 
Z10 battery life is killing, Q5 overheating. I’m on fire! My virgin hands!!!
I need to get a blackberry passport, my current #z10 dies after 6 hours
RT @AnisaChyann: Love my BlackBerry z10 #BB10